## Standup   
    Group 2 - Project OwnFlix  
    Date 20th Aug 2018  

## Outline  

    1. What I got done  
    2. What I am working on  
    3. Any blockers  

### Tsimnuj Hawj [5:54 PM]  
    1. I got the models for Transactions and Movies done. I also looked into using the Passport npm to setup authorization with BCrypt.  
    2. I am continuing to work on setting up the association between User, Transaction, and Movie. 
    3. I am a big foggy on association and foreign keys, but I should have it figured out in a bit here.  

###Joe Thor [5:58 PM]  
    I think for each person's response, we can start a thread off of it. Let's keep this main chat with all of our stand ups  
    1. What I worked on:  
    This is all in my branch called "checkout"  
        * Created USER Model  
        * Created api/user POST route  
        * Created a test database  
        * Used Postman to post JSON into the DATABASE using the route  
    2. What I am working on  
        * User GET route  
        * Movie POST route  
    3. Blockers:  
        * After a discussion with David on Saturday, not sure what data we will actually be putting in the movies table (stealing some direclty from the API and keeping it in our database it sounds like). I need to look at what T has made for movie  

### Scott Soltis [5:58 PM]  
    1. As I was gone Saturday and not sure what was assigned to whom, I worked on creating some site design sketches, logo and color ideas. I also made some mock ups in html and js but the code will have to be modified as I'm a little unclear on the interfacing with the backend. 
    2. I'm open to taking on other tasks if something is not covered.  I was going to look into the api and ajax call of the movie information.    
    3.  Just out of the loop which will be fixed tuesday.  

### Zac Evanchak [6:03 PM]  
    1.  Nothing much honestly.  
    2.  Like I said above, modal code and some branding stuff I think would be most helpful at this point for me to contribute.  I will also be looking into alternative view platforms.  
    3. Just a little disogranized for now.  Scott, since you seem to be working on layouts, I think it would be good to work together on some of this front end stuff.  We can start developing our view schema in class tomorrow while Joe and T work on the model, since the model doesn't necessarily depend on the view.  